[TW-1361] Public API Network methods for publishing (#5133)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/public-api-network/maintain-api-in-workspace.md

When you're ready to share your collections with your API's consumers, you can use code to create a `GET` request that gets the collection you want to publish, then you can create a `PUT` request that publishes the collection. Use the `/collections/collection-id` endpoint to get and publish your collections.

> You can also create and send the requests in a [collection](/docs/collections/using-collections/) or [Flow](/docs/postman-flows/gs/flows-overview/).

To share a collection to a public workspace using the Postman API, do the following:

1. [Create a collection](/docs/collections/using-collections/#creating-collections) (source collection) in a non-public workspace, and create another collection (destination collection) in a public workspace that's available on the Public API Network.

>     Then get the collection IDs for both collections. Select the information icon <img alt="Information icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-information-v9-5.jpg#icon" width="16px"> in the right sidebar, and copy the collection IDs for later use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the collection IDs for both collections. Select the information icon <img alt="Information icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-information-v9-5.jpg#icon" width="16px"> in the right sidebar, and copy the collection IDs.
```

1. [Get a Postman API key](/docs/developer/postman-api/authentication/#generate-a-postman-api-key) in the team where your source collection is stored. If the destination collection is in a different team, you must also get a Postman API key in that team.
1. Create a `GET` request to a collection in a non-public workspace that you want to publish. The request returns a collection object in the response body. The object contains details about the source collection you can use to publish it.

>     Use the following URL in your request:

Reviewer: Minor nit, but should we tell people to use cURL here, or just document how to do it in Postman?

Author: I see what you're saying. I'll follow up with Kyle on this.

Author: Discussed with @jkonrath-postman, and we'll leave the content as is for now.
